Where can I get 10 people to humiliate me?
This is too inexplicable
And how ugly it would be if I was humiliated.
Then continue
I said I want to support you, didn't I want to support you?
I saved you.
I didn't betray you at a critical time
Aren't you touched?
Ah!
Uh-huh.
I forgot I was powerful
I warn you.
Thinking about my money can
Don't miss my people
Mr. Xu oops
Mr. Huang, this time the party organized by Mr. Wang
I would like to invite you to be my boyfriend
But this kind of party of rich people
I didn't go looking for humiliation
Humiliation Today's task is humiliated by knowing people
Reward an elixir
You may not know
Mr. Wang is the richest man
If you go, you can meet more partners.
This is only good for the company, not bad.
If you are really afraid of his humiliation
Hey no no no
I'm afraid they won't be humiliated.